Ralph Nader gave us this great phrase in
English unsafe at any speed the point
being a car if poorly designed can be
unsafe at any speed in this video I'm
going to talk to you about the fact that
human beings are corruptible at any
level of income that human integrity can
be bought and sold at any price no
matter how shockingly high or how
shockingly low made a video just a few
days ago drawing people's attention to
the fact that the vegan activist
organization called DXE took in more
than eight hundred thousand dollars more
than eight hundred thousand US dollars
in income mostly donations in one year
the most recent year we have tax
receipts for we have evidence for from
the government dents days I have been
told that this year they are almost
certain to have above 1 million dollars
possibly speculatively they could reach
two million US dollars we don't know
we'll wait and see what evil do you
think here not be motivated by 800
thousand US dollars what evil would not
be motivated by 2 million u.s. dollars
and there are other dark motives at work
here in the vegan movement by the way if
your first time coming to my channel I'm
vegan
I was for many years an aspiring vegan
activist I care about the future of the
movement I'm not saying this as if there
are exclusively different motives
involved no no no there are people who
come into this game
sincerely wanting to help the animals
wanting to help improve human health
wanting to save the planet wine do
something good for ecology good for
themselves good for mankind no doubt
there are all kinds of positive pious
motives and you know what then there's
800 thousand US dollars and then there's
the posse
ability of next year two million US
dollars and that powerfully motivates
all kinds of terrible things even within
a coven of the most pious and well
motivated of activist when we're talking
about people like Elise Parker haha was
a raw lineman we're not talking about
the most pious are well-motivated of
people right human beings will sell out
they will sell their integrity at any
price
sometimes shockingly low rather than
shockingly high I had a girlfriend many
many years ago I refer to her here on
the channel is my blonde ex-girlfriend
only one of my ex-girlfriends was blonde
and you know when I first met her she
had these aspirations to be an author
she had these aspirations to be an
artist to be a creative person but she
told me paradoxically that she had this
office job just being an office
assistant just pinna helper and an
author office and she found it so
comfortable
she found the lifestyle that afforded
her so comfortable and so enjoyable and
down in Toronto that you know she
thought she just kind of give up on all
that and keep that job forever this was
a serious temptation for her and I was
the first person ever to challenge her
on this ever to respond negatively or
skeptically in any way and I said is
that all it takes for you to sell out is
that all it takes to buy your integrity
a job that pays $15 an hour for you to
shuffle paper work in an office building
that's it huh she was astonished was it
you don't think there are people who had
some kind of artistic vision as a
filmmaker as a painter as an author as a
poet whatever who were offered far more
lucrative far more tempting careers that
they had to turn down in order to focus
on or to make sacrifices for and work
towards that artistic vision you don't
think there are people with greater
temptations you know there are people be
asked to Sol sell out a mythology even
as an artist let's say you're being
offered money to do advertising
campaigns for a banana company instead
of working on what you really believe
you ought to be creating as a visual
artist but well working in advertising
pays a lot more than just doing my own
paintings or creating my own works of
art you think every creative person
every creative professional doesn't live
with this kind of temptation corruption
doesn't always come in the clear-cut
form of taking a bribe in order to be
derelict in your duty all right
corruption comes in yuria forms that
pervert your motivations shall we say to
make the world a better place I think
that a natural vegan is dead wrong to
mention least and last that Elise Parker
is now advertising butcher box
meat products in her video it's just
sort of you know with a guffaw she kind
of it oh ho yeah right and then there's
this ad thrown in for some kind of
free-range mean if you were Elise Parker
you were looking at how much money you
made last year
how confident could you possibly be that
you would make the same amount of money
this year or that you'd make more money
next year another rival of mine for an
example the massively successful
Jacqueline Glen complete airhead here on
YouTube she's got a worried day after
day week after week what if her charm
just runs out what if her star power
dims whatever it is she's doing here
she doesn't really sing she doesn't
really dance she doesn't really do
comedy she's really making one laugh she
doesn't really do infotainment she
doesn't have any educational value or
intellectual content videos Jaclyn Glenn
somebody comes on with a bleached and
dyed
hair and a pair of fake tits and
revealing clothing and drinks wine
swills wine on camera and mouths off on
every year and every month she's got a
worry what if the bottom drops out of
this market what if the laws of supply
and demand just don't work in my favor
cuz she doesn't even really know what
the product is she's offering she
doesn't even know what the demand is for
she doesn't really understand herself
what it is she's supplying alright
someone like raw alignment Elise Parker
she is motivated by money to a profound
extent that unnatural vegan is ignoring
and I say this with all due respect my
audience I think most of you in the
audience cannot imagine how money is
motivating this young woman's behavior
her performance on camera you can't
imagine the desperation with which she
is rifling around in the empty garbage
can afore commoditize Abal she's looking
at one fad diet after another one
psychedelic drug after another one form
of yoga one you know fad lifestyle
choice after another maybe I can live
out of a van maybe I can go hiking
through the Appalachian Mountains maybe
I can do ayahuasca maybe I can make a
video about psychedelic mushrooms
alright she has nothing to sell and
she's here everyday sitting in front of
a camera hearing the minutes click by
trying to sell out and nothing could
more powerfully motivate someone like
that in their behavior then the offer
than the offer of a partnership the
offer of advertising revenue from
butcher box the free-range meat company
nothing could draw her more powerfully
like a moth to the flame then the
prospect
of having the daughter of jordan
peterson appear on her channel that's
money that's money that's the potential
for money fame notoriety salience
relevance
I don't know how Elyse Parker really
pays her rent
she's a very stupid person I think we
all can agree that she herself will
never really understand how she pays her
rent she won't really understand what
her appeal is what it is that draws in
the audience or the revenue and she will
live in constant fear of losing it how
much money could that butcher company
possibly have paid her to advertise
their meat products is it even $5,000 I
don't know you guys can fool around I
find out how much an advertising
campaign like that is worth I would
guess it's shockingly little money I
would guess that it is nowhere near the
ballpark of $800,000 a year 1 million
year 2 million year that we were talking
about with direct action for her just a
just a few minutes ago all right but
human integrity is something that's sold
at shockingly low prices and when you
look around YouTube today I want you to
ask yourself who's buying